README.md, before:

# Sharing data between services using Redis

This repository shows how two services can communicate with each other using Redis as their intermediary. Feel free to use it as a starting point for studying or experimenting with more advanced projects.

- Sender: sends data to Redis
- Receiver: fetches data from Redis

The Sender and the Receiver services are just two simple webservers implemented using Flask.


## Running the project

It's necessary to have docker and docker-compose on your system. Once these are set up, just give the following command from the root folder:
```sh
docker compose up
```

At this point, you should have two webservers running on two URLs:
- `http://localhost:8000` (sender)
- `http://localhost:8001` (receiver)

Visiting the sender URL will send some data to the Redis server and show it on the page. Visiting the receiver URL will fetch and show the data from Redis.

## Requirements

As long as you can run docker and docker compose, you don't need to worry about requirements. If you're curious, know that there are two different types of requirements:
- Poetry requirements: define the dependencies used by the host (like `black`).
- `requirements.txt`: defines the dependencies needed by the containers.

Commit message:

Update README with more information

README.md, after:

# Sharing data between Docker containers using Redis

This repository shows how two services can communicate with each other using Redis as their intermediary. Feel free to use it as a starting point for studying or experimenting.

- Sender: sends data to Redis
- Receiver: fetches data from Redis

The Sender and the Receiver services are just two simple webservers implemented using Flask.


## Running the project

It's necessary to have **Docker** and **Docker Compose** on your system. Once these are set up, just give the following command from the root folder:
```sh
docker compose up
```

At this point, you should have two webservers running on these addresses:
- http://localhost:8000 (sender)
- http://localhost:8001 (receiver)

Visiting the sender URL will send some data to the Redis server and show it on the page. Visiting the receiver URL will fetch the data from Redis and show it. Every time you refresh the sender page, new data will be added to the Redis list.


### Checking the contents of Redis

We can access the Redis server directly to check what's going on:
```console
$ redis-cli -h localhost -p 6379
localhost:6379> KEYS *
1) "my-lists"
localhost:6379> LRANGE my-lists 0 -1
1) "three"
2) "two"
3) "one"
```

## Requirements

As long as you can run docker and docker compose, you don't need to worry about requirements. If you're curious, know that there are two different types of requirements:
- `pyproject.toml` (Poetry requirements): dependencies used for local development (e.g. `black`).
- `requirements.txt`: dependencies needed by the containers.
